README.md, before:

# Ian Bogley's Code Portfolio
A collection of various works I've completed throughout my academic and professional careers. Look through the folders to find various instances of my work over the years. You can find my resume here as well.

For example, you can find the project I did for Sheltercare listed in the "survey" directory. In the "case_study" folder, you can view a predictive forecasting project I completed in school. 

As time progresses, I plan to add projects using public data, so as to publish reproducable code. Stay tuned!

Here is a visual mapping of the portfolio so far:

```{portfolio_map}
| -- arima_forecast (A forecast of US Nominal GDP using ARIMA modeling) 
|                           ------ arima_forecast.md (github document)
|                                  arima_forecast.Rmd
|                                  arima_forecast_files ------ figure-gfm ----- diff1-1.png
|                                                                               diff2-1.png
|                                                                               fore-1.png
|                                                                               level-1.png
|
| -- case_study     (A project focusing on the evolution of the retail market, including forecasts) 
|                           ------ case_study.docx
|
|
| -- election       (Graphics studying the evolution of voter behavior in the Presidential election by county)
|                           ------ 2000 -------------------------------------- c099_d00.dbf .shp .shx
|                                  2004 -------------------------------------- elpo04p020.dbf .prj .shp .shx .txt
|                                  2008 -------------------------------------- elpo08p020.dbf .prj .shp .shx .txt
|                                  2012 -------------------------------------- elpo12p010.dbf .prj .shp .shx .txt
|                                  2016 -------------------------------------- cb_2016_us_county_20m.cpg .dbf  
|                                                                              .prj .shp .shp.ea.iso.xml .shp.xml
|                                                                              .shx
|                                  us_pres_prj_final.md (github document)
|                                  us_pres_prj_final.Rmd
|                                  us_pres_prj_final_files---- figure-gfm ---- dem_animation-1.gif
|                                                                              final_figure-1.gif
|                                                                              rep_animation-1.gif
|                                                                              test_graph-1.png
|
|
| -- survey         (A project focusing on how to utilize employee satisfaction data) 
|                           ------ survey_2020.docx
|
| - .gitignore
|
| - README.html
|
| - README.md
|
| - code_portfolio.Rproj
|
| - resume.pdf

```

Commit message:

added nfl positional spending project

README.md, after:

# Ian Bogley's Code Portfolio
A collection of various works I've completed throughout my academic and professional careers. Look through the folders to find various instances of my work over the years. You can find my resume here as well.

For example, you can find the project I did for Sheltercare listed in the "survey" directory. In the "case_study" folder, you can view a predictive forecasting project I completed in school.

As time progresses, I plan to add projects using public data, so as to publish reproducable code. Stay tuned!

Here is a visual mapping of the portfolio so far:

```{portfolio_map}
| -- arima_forecast (A forecast of US Nominal GDP using ARIMA modeling)
|                           ------ arima_forecast.md (github document)
|                                  arima_forecast.Rmd
|                                  arima_forecast_files ------ figure-gfm ----- diff1-1.png
|                                                                               diff2-1.png
|                                                                               fore-1.png
|                                                                               level-1.png
|
| -- case_study     (A project focusing on the evolution of the retail market, including forecasts)
|                           ------ case_study.docx
|
|
| -- election       (Graphics studying the evolution of voter behavior in the Presidential election by county)
|                           ------ 2000 -------------------------------------- c099_d00.dbf .shp .shx
|                                  2004 -------------------------------------- elpo04p020.dbf .prj .shp .shx .txt
|                                  2008 -------------------------------------- elpo08p020.dbf .prj .shp .shx .txt
|                                  2012 -------------------------------------- elpo12p010.dbf .prj .shp .shx .txt
|                                  2016 -------------------------------------- cb_2016_us_county_20m.cpg .dbf  
|                                                                              .prj .shp .shp.ea.iso.xml .shp.xml
|                                                                              .shx
|                                  us_pres_prj_final.md (github document)
|                                  us_pres_prj_final.Rmd
|                                  us_pres_prj_final_files---- figure-gfm ---- dem_animation-1.gif
|                                                                              final_figure-1.gif
|                                                                              rep_animation-1.gif
|                                                                              test_graph-1.png
|
| -- nfl            (Examining the relationship between NFL positional spending and team success)
|                          ------ position.pdf
|                                 position.rmd
|
|
| -- survey         (A project focusing on how to utilize employee satisfaction data)
|                           ------ survey_2020.docx
|
| - .gitignore
|
| - README.html
|
| - README.md
|
| - code_portfolio.Rproj
|
| - resume.pdf

```
